I suppose whatever we give to Johhover, it's little in comparison to what he gives to us.
And like Malachi 3-10 says, you know, we just have to bring in the 10th path really as all Johhover's asking.
But he pours out of blessing.
Part of those blessings from Malachi 3-10, I consider to be the friendships that we've gained.
For me, my favourite thing is people, it's always, it's just getting to work.
With your brothers every day, the personalities shine through even with language differences.
You just make friends and you just get this taste of what the new world is going to be like.
Side by side with our brothers and we've made parent figures and brother and sister figures
and everybody just becomes part of such a solid family.
Going to Hongdae, working along with the local brothers and sisters made it clear to me
that we really are in the organization that Johhover is directing today.
What I have seen is how Johhover's spirit operates in his organization.
There were many international servants here, from various countries, with different personalities,
along with our local brothers with their distinct customs.
But when it was time to work, we were as one.
There wasn't a big guy, a little guy, someone more intelligent or less intelligent.
We all formed one united team.
The language definitely was an issue for me.
At first I thought, will I really be able to work with the brothers?
Since I didn't understand the language, how could I explain the work that had to be done?
Really, if you go in there with a good attitude, you're just having a good time working with your brothers.
You're not going to have too much problems.
Smile, they crossed the borders.
The Chiklao dedication program was held April 9th, 2016,
and the Trujillo Assembly Hall was dedicated shortly thereafter on July 31st.
All present, marveled with appreciation at seeing the facilities.
Their own new assembly hall.
Before, we had to work a lot, maybe up to 15 days beforehand to prepare a completely inappropriate site.
Not anymore, now the brothers only need to maintain it and simply arrive in order to enjoy their assembly.
I'm sure that this new assembly hall was strengthened in spirituality of our dear brothers and sisters.
If I could say something about the video monitors, they've revolutionized Jehovah's Method of teaching.
We get so much more out of the talks now because we can see the gestures of the brothers.
It really touches the heart. It's so amazing.
I remember more than 25 years ago, I prayed to Jehovah and said,
Jehovah, please, permit me at some point to see an assembly hall here.
And now, Jehovah let me be part of the buying process,
getting the documentation and to be in the construction.
And I remember and I say, Jehovah answered my prayer.
Well, it affected me seeing the construction progress
because when we first arrived in our project in Chick-Lale,
you know, what the brothers had, what they were using as an assembly hall.
And then to see the finished project that we see now,
I'm so happy for the brothers and sisters.
It's a beautiful, clean, neat and tidy.
It's like a, in reality, for where it is, it's a little jewel within that whole city to me.
When I see a completed project,
and I know that brothers do just love to be able to care for that place,
to be able to go worship Jehovah there, be with their brothers and sisters.
There's nothing that'll ever compare with this wonderful experience we've gotten to have.
It's been great.